a since they identify a millennium
prehistoric beetle in miramar el
municipal museum point hermengo argentina
unveiled the discovery of a stranger
fossil attributed to a beetle that
he lived in the region about ten thousand
years before the present
the peculiar find happened in the form
accidental when a team led by
the museologist Daniel Boh in November
2002 was extracting the remains
fossils of a skull with its jaw
attributed to a giant big sloth
called is the y doctor yum in the
geological outcrops that are
south of the fishing pier of the
city
on that occasion a piece of
sediment that was separated next to the
skeletal remains of the mega mammal broke
in two fragments and in both parts it
they saw the imprints with very details
intimates of the beetle morphology
only one mold is preserved
original structure since the
fossil-bearing sediments of the
Pampean region does not preserve the remains
soft held daniel boh holder of the
Miramar museum and added the
possibility of finding remains of this
type are very scarce because of their
unusual preservation and contributes
information about the environment and climate
of the last 10,000 years argued
the strange imprint remained saved
for a long time due to the lack
of similar backgrounds for your
proper identification
just in 2012 -mariano magnussen
shaffer agreed to conduct a study
comparative with living organisms and
it could be known that the beetle that
he lived about 10,000 years ago he still has
representatives at present the
material studied was identified as
belonging to the family of
beetles tenebrio in new die del
gender
scott or sp virus
the tenebrio nesidos tenebrio idae in the
present are one of the great
coleopterous families with about 220 thousand
described species
living especially in diverse
steppe and desert environments are
basically the tree ti borox is to say
they generally eat solids
permanents that come from the
decomposition of organic sources
plants and animals which indicate
the presence of the scott fossil beetle
obvious esp found in the city of
look at centimeters from the remains
Bones of the giant sloth is the and
doctor yum
possibly this little beetle will
I was feeding from the remains
organic
after the decomposition of the skull
Found as leather and tendons on the
bone and for reasons we do not know died
next to your food source and you
preserved extraordinarily during the
last 10,000 years keeping details
very intimate of its morphology although it is
only one speculation pointed to the source
Quaternary insect fossils
last two million years are in their
most very few in the world but the
few recognized are perfectly
adjudicable to current species and
practically no extinctions are known
or specifications during that period
but yes big changes in the
geological distribution of many
species in line with the changes
climatic
the fossil of the millennial scotch beetle
views is exhibited for
a few days in the paleontology room
Regional Museum of Miramar next to
the skeletal remains of great creatures
who lived in the last three
millions of years with mastodons tigers
saber teeth several species of
Lazy and giant armadillos font
miramar museum